Avvaiyar Padasalai Terms and Conditions :

1. Virtual classes will start as scheduled.
2. Class teachers may schedule the virtual classes on a different day/time based on the agreement with parents.
3. Students are required to login 5 minutes before the scheduled class start time.
4. Parents should monitor their kid’s online activities during class hours.
5. Students are encouraged to sit in a quiet environment to attend the class.
6. Camera should be on during the class hours. Microphone should be turned on/off based on the teacher's request.
7. Online class should not be recorded or photographed.
8. Online session details should not be shared with anyone outside.
9. Student absence should be informed by email or phone to the class teachers in advance. Longer than 2 continuous absences should be pre-approved by the teacher.
10. Audio homework should be sent before the class starts.
11. Writing homework should be sent as pictures to the class teachers before the class starts.
12. NO makeup classes for missed ones. Parents are responsible to prepare their child on missed lesson(s)
13. NO replacement for the lost books supplied to the kids or their own personal items.
14. Parents are required to sign the homework book  for each lesson every week.
15. NO phones or gadgets allowed during the class and should be POWERED OFF
16. Students should always have text & exercise books, 2 pencils and erasers with them in the class.
17. Update the actively used email address with the school since email is our preferred communication medium.
18. Respond without fail for the queries emailed/discussed by teachers.
19. Parents are requested to spend time (at least 15 minutes to 30 minutes every day) reviewing lessons and practicing conversational Tamil.
20. Please note there is NO in person classes for Avvaiyar Padasalai.
21. Students should be joining in their assigned classrooms with the teachers.
22. Students can NOT be in classrooms without adult supervision. If the teacher is not in the classroom, the parent arriving to the classroom first should stay with the kid(s) until the teacher comes in.
23. Students should log off after the scheduled class hours.
24. Parents should discuss with their child’s teachers at the individual teacher's convenience (in person/phone/email), should they have any questions or need more info.
25. Encourage the children to use restrooms before the classes start.
26. Instruct the kids strictly NOT to explore and disturb anything in the virtual classroom.
27. Parents will be notified (emailed) if there will be any changes to the class schedules.
28. *** Check your email and class group messages before heading out to school ***
29. As the school is run by volunteers, parents are encouraged to volunteer for administrative activities during the school hours if required.
30. The pictures and videos taken from the school events will be shared in the school website, social media and news articles.
31. We can't process refund after 4 classes.
32. Changing the student Grade after 4 classes is not allowed.
33. We cant issue extra physical book to students.

I acknowledge that I have read the above terms and conditions and agree to adhere by clicking “Yes”.
